                             Public Domain

                              Description

 This work is released into the public domain; it is owned by the public.
Anyone is free to use this work for any reason, with or without obtaining
permission. No one is able to own this work. Thus, it is impossible to obtain
permission from the owner as there is no owner of this work in the first place.

 Regardless if this work was covered by some form of copyright law in the past,
it is now recognized as being owned by the public. This is either because the
copyright on this work has expired, or was initially released to the public.
No matter which case, this work is not, or was never, protected by any
copyright law.

 With respect to software, this means that anyone, for any reason, may copy and
redistribute this software by any means - with or without including this
notice. There is no need for any notice in source code; there is no need for
any credit to be given in any form or capacity in documentation, description,
man pages, source code, means of redistribution, et cetera.

 Since there is no standard license for the public domain, this is merely an
interpretation of what it means for something to be in the public domain, with
a description included in regards to software. For more information on what it
means to be in the public domain, encyclopedias and academic references are a
good place for definitions and implications of works being released into the
public domain. This notice is simply here to accompany its respective software
such that the user knows their rights; it is by no means claiming to be a or
the standard notice to be understood by the user of this software and it is
encouraged for the user to seek out what it means to be in the public domain on
their own to get an understanding for themselves.

 This notice in and of itself it released into the public domain.
